the legendary Mexican rock group is
three celebrated 40 years in music with
a seller performance before a packed
house in Los Angeles why do that
vegan also highlighted the release of
the groups for the third album now that
kept a lid which features some of
Italy's greatest hits along with ten new
tracks the first single is the explosive
anthem la raza in document
man Alex moda even received an honorary
plaque to commemorate his place on the
Las Vegas Walk of Stars
and for
see you on it
love you
I
come on all a big night for one of Latin
rocks pioneers and fans got exactly what
they expect each time in three takes the
stage to get more istmas you got 60 s mu
2 44 688 or visit go TV networks com